now make that mother fucker and it's out
which I will make a video of soon I
promise
I'm also wearing just me your purview no
really good
Wow buddy while Cody why Wabble Wabble
I'm Stan stacking my paper right now
again it's just the same everyday look
for me falsies maybelline mascara
forever 21 v-neck it's like navy blue
and then I'm wearing my like cheetah
white and gray yoga pants from pink I
decided to go lazy today because I woke
up late and didn't really have time to
get ready and then my hair is just in a
hair tie and I'm just wearing a headband
with it and that's it bye
or my wallet looked like a Bible I got
girlies half-naked that shit look like
the grotto how your waist anorexic
kidneys away guys okay so I'm doing my
everyday look again and then I braided
my hair to the side with a sparkly
silver headband and just crystal studs
and then I'm again wearing my Chanel
necklace like always and I'm wearing a
card a white cream-colored cardigan from
Hollister and then a navy blue tank top
from Abercrombie and it had like flowers
and bows on it and then I'm wearing I
become a jeggings they're like medium
ish but yeah they're really stretchy and
that's it bye
the laughing I would drop that ass make
it boomerang you see it but like hurled
a nine it is really cool in for perfume
I'm wearing Aeropostale it isn't
anything specifically but it smells
really good so okay so thanks for
watching my video I hope you subscribe
you
encrypted tile to be paid you don't get
it to today
fuck that you gonna get some day I walk
in with my crewmen I'm okay I'm wearing
some yoga pants from tank yeah cool like
design oh my god like a pink she does
spa and zebra straight and then over
that I'm wearing an air of myself shirt
yeah I straighten out my hair and I'm
ring went out your makeup and I'm not
really wearing anemic I'm doing today
cuz it's not that Julie day and it's
like poor lady Friday I guess yeah so
thanks for watching my video and I hope
you can subscribe guys okay so it's
Friday and hold my hair with a curling
wand my eyes it's elf eye cream eyeliner
um
Maybelline falsies mascara and then um
it did I'm a few day but I just love
it's from forever 21 and then I'm
wearing an alum necklace from forever 21
also and then your main like this
silvery scarf from actually don't know
where this is wrong because it's my
sister's but I think it's her forever 21
um then I'm wearing a white cami and
this blue and white cardigan from
Hollister and then block jeggings and
I'm in one with black pants a week and
then I just wore like moccasins
fight can a next time looking uncle I'm
making her way they pay me respect to
pay me in checks in if she look good she
paid me a sec so it how's that as